Ag chopsticks design (#650)
KILTprotocol/kilt-node: integration-tests/chopsticks/README.md

# e2e Chopsticks tests

This project is a set of end-to-end tests for the KILT protocol against other parachains. 

> Other functionalities such as a creation of DID can be easy inserted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other functionalities such as a creation of DID can be easily added.
```
